ARROW-17297: [Java][Doc] Adding documentation to interact between C++ to Java via C Data Interface (#13788)
apache/arrow: docs/source/java/cdata.rst

Java to C++
-----------

Share an Int64 array from C++ to Java

> =====================================

Author: Updated

                   <executions>
                       <execution>
                           <phase>package</phase>
                           <goals>
                               <goal>single</goal>
                           </goals>
                           <configuration>
                               <descriptorRefs>
                                   <descriptorRef>jar-with-dependencies</descriptorRef>
                               </descriptorRefs>
                           </configuration>
                       </execution>
                   </executions>
               </plugin>
           </plugins>
       </build>
   </project>

.. code-block:: java

   import org.apache.arrow.c.ArrowArray;
   import org.apache.arrow.c.ArrowSchema;
   import org.apache.arrow.c.Data;
   import org.apache.arrow.memory.BufferAllocator;
   import org.apache.arrow.memory.RootAllocator;
   import org.apache.arrow.vector.FieldVector;
   import org.apache.arrow.vector.IntVector;
   import org.apache.arrow.vector.VectorSchemaRoot;

   import java.util.Arrays;

   public class ToBeCalledByCpp {
       final static BufferAllocator allocator = new RootAllocator();

       /**

>         * Create a {@link FieldVector} and export this to an existing memory address

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        * Create a {@link FieldVector} and export it via the C Data Interface
```

        * @param schemaAddress Schema memory address to wrap
        * @param arrayAddress Array memory address to wrap
        */
       public static void fillVector(long schemaAddress, long arrayAddress){
           try (ArrowArray arrow_array = ArrowArray.wrap(arrayAddress);
                ArrowSchema arrow_schema = ArrowSchema.wrap(schemaAddress) ) {
               Data.exportVector(allocator, populateFieldVectorToExport(), null, arrow_array, arrow_schema);
           }
       }

       /**

>         * Create a {@link VectorSchemaRoot} and export this to an existing memory address

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        * Create a {@link VectorSchemaRoot} and export it via the C Data Interface
```

.. code-block:: xml

   <?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
   <project xmlns="http://maven.apache.org/POM/4.0.0"
            xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance"
            xsi:schemaLocation="http://maven.apache.org/POM/4.0.0 http://maven.apache.org/xsd/maven-4.0.0.xsd">
       <modelVersion>4.0.0</modelVersion>

       <groupId>org.example</groupId>
       <artifactId>java-cdata-example</artifactId>
       <version>1.0-SNAPSHOT</version>

       <properties>
           <maven.compiler.source>8</maven.compiler.source>
           <maven.compiler.target>8</maven.compiler.target>

>            <arrow.version>8.0.0</arrow.version>

Reviewer: Might as well update to 9.0.0 now

                       arrowSchema.memoryAddress(), arrowArray.memoryAddress());
               try(
                   BigIntVector bigIntVector = (BigIntVector) Data.importVector(
                           allocator, arrowArray, arrowSchema, null)
               ){
                   System.out.println("C++-allocated array: " + bigIntVector);
               }
           }
       }
   }

.. code-block:: shell

   C++-allocated array: [1, 2, 3, null, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10]

Share an Int32 array from Java to C++
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Java Side**

For this example, we will build a JAR with all dependencies bundled.

.. code-block:: xml

   <?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
   <project xmlns="http://maven.apache.org/POM/4.0.0"
            xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance"
            xsi:schemaLocation="http://maven.apache.org/POM/4.0.0 http://maven.apache.org/xsd/maven-4.0.0.xsd">
       <modelVersion>4.0.0</modelVersion>
       <groupId>org.example</groupId>
       <artifactId>cpptojava</artifactId>
       <version>1.0-SNAPSHOT</version>
       <properties>
           <maven.compiler.source>11</maven.compiler.source>

>            <maven.compiler.target>11</maven.compiler.target>

Reviewer: Any reason to use Java 11 here?

Author: Deleted

>            <arrow.version>8.0.0</arrow.version>

Reviewer: Update to 9.0.0?

       </properties>
       <repositories>
           <repository>
               <id>arrow-nightly</id>

>                <url>https://nightlies.apache.org/arrow/java</url>

Reviewer: No need to use nightlies right?

Author: Deleted

           </repository>
       </repositories>
       <dependencies>
           <dependency>
               <groupId>org.apache.arrow</groupId>
               <artifactId>arrow-c-data</artifactId>
               <version>${arrow.version}</version>
           </dependency>
           <dependency>
               <groupId>org.apache.arrow</groupId>
               <artifactId>arrow-memory-netty</artifactId>
               <version>${arrow.version}</version>
           </dependency>
       </dependencies>
       <build>
           <plugins>
               <plugin>
                   <groupId>org.apache.maven.plugins</groupId>
                   <artifactId>maven-assembly-plugin</artifactId>
                   <executions>
                       <execution>
                           <phase>package</phase>
                           <goals>
                               <goal>single</goal>
                           </goals>
                           <configuration>
                               <archive>
                                   <manifest>
                                       <mainClass>

>                                            ToBeCalledByCpp

Reviewer: Do we need the mainClass config?

Author: Deleted

                                       </mainClass>
                                   </manifest>
                               </archive>
                               <descriptorRefs>
                                   <descriptorRef>jar-with-dependencies</descriptorRef>
                               </descriptorRefs>
                           </configuration>
                       </execution>
                   </executions>
               </plugin>
           </plugins>
       </build>
   </project>

.. code-block:: java

   import org.apache.arrow.c.ArrowArray;
   import org.apache.arrow.c.ArrowSchema;
   import org.apache.arrow.c.Data;
   import org.apache.arrow.memory.BufferAllocator;
   import org.apache.arrow.memory.RootAllocator;
   import org.apache.arrow.vector.FieldVector;
   import org.apache.arrow.vector.IntVector;
   import org.apache.arrow.vector.VectorSchemaRoot;

   import java.util.Arrays;

   public class ToBeCalledByCpp {
       final static BufferAllocator allocator = new RootAllocator();

>        public static void fillVector(long schemaAddress, long arrayAddress){

Reviewer 2: Can you add small docstring describing the two public methods?

           try (ArrowArray arrow_array = ArrowArray.wrap(arrayAddress);
                ArrowSchema arrow_schema = ArrowSchema.wrap(schemaAddress) ) {
               Data.exportVector(allocator, populateFieldVectorToExport(), null, arrow_array, arrow_schema);
           }
       }

>        public static FieldVector populateFieldVectorToExport(){

Reviewer 2: Shouldn't you make this private?

Author: Changed

           IntVector intVector = new IntVector("int-to-export", allocator);
           intVector.allocateNew(3);
           intVector.setSafe(0, 1);
           intVector.setSafe(1, 2);
           intVector.setSafe(2, 3);
           intVector.setValueCount(3);
           System.out.println("[Java] FieldVector: \n" + intVector);
           return intVector;
       }

       public static void fillVectorSchemaRoot(long schemaAddress, long arrayAddress){
           try (ArrowArray arrow_array = ArrowArray.wrap(arrayAddress);
                ArrowSchema arrow_schema = ArrowSchema.wrap(schemaAddress) ) {
               Data.exportVectorSchemaRoot(allocator, populateVectorSchemaRootToExport(), null, arrow_array, arrow_schema);
           }
       }

>        public static VectorSchemaRoot populateVectorSchemaRootToExport(){

Reviewer 2: private as well?

Author: Changed

                                         reinterpret_cast<uintptr_t>(&arrowSchema),
                                         reinterpret_cast<uintptr_t>(&arrowArray));
               auto resultImportArray = arrow::ImportArray(&arrowArray, &arrowSchema);
               std::shared_ptr<arrow::Array> array = resultImportArray.ValueOrDie();
               std::cout << "[C++] Array: " << array->ToString() << std::endl;
           } else {
               std::cout << "Could not find fillVector method\n" << std::endl;
               return EXIT_FAILURE;
           }
           jmethodID fillVectorSchemaRoot = env->GetStaticMethodID(javaClassToBeCalledByCpp,
                                                                   "fillVectorSchemaRoot",
                                                                   "(JJ)V");
           if (fillVectorSchemaRoot != nullptr) {
               struct ArrowSchema arrowSchema;
               struct ArrowArray arrowArray;
               std::cout << "\n<<<<< C++ to Java for RecordBatch >>>>>\n" << std::endl;
               env->CallStaticVoidMethod(javaClassToBeCalledByCpp, fillVectorSchemaRoot,

>                                          static_cast<long>(reinterpret_cast<uintptr_t>(&arrowSchema)),

Reviewer: Don't we need the `static_cast<long>` above as well then?

(Also, shouldn't it be `jlong`?)

Author: All of these kind of declaration work well (I don't know what of this should I use?)

```cpp
        env->CallStaticVoidMethod(javaClassToBeCalledByCpp, fillVector,
                                  static_cast<long>(reinterpret_cast<uintptr_t>(&arrowSchema)),
                                  static_cast<long>(reinterpret_cast<uintptr_t>(&arrowArray)));
        env->CallStaticVoidMethod(javaClassToBeCalledByCpp, fillVector,
                                  reinterpret_cast<uintptr_t>(&arrowSchema),
                                  reinterpret_cast<uintptr_t>(&arrowArray));
        env->CallStaticVoidMethod(javaClassToBeCalledByCpp, fillVector,
                                  (long)(&arrowSchema),
                                  (long)(&arrowArray));
        env->CallStaticVoidMethod(javaClassToBeCalledByCpp, fillVector,
                                  (jlong)(&arrowSchema),
                                  (jlong)(&arrowArray));
        env->CallStaticVoidMethod(javaClassToBeCalledByCpp, fillVector,
                                  (uintptr_t)(&arrowSchema),
                                  (uintptr_t)(&arrowArray));
```

Author: Thank you

                                         static_cast<long>(reinterpret_cast<uintptr_t>(&arrowArray)));
               auto resultImportVectorSchemaRoot = arrow::ImportRecordBatch(&arrowArray, &arrowSchema);
               std::shared_ptr<arrow::RecordBatch> recordBatch = resultImportVectorSchemaRoot.ValueOrDie();
               std::cout << "[C++] RecordBatch: " << recordBatch->ToString() << std::endl;
           } else {
               std::cout << "Could not find fillVectorSchemaRoot method\n" << std::endl;
               return EXIT_FAILURE;
           }
       } else {
           std::cout << "Could not find ToBeCalledByCpp class\n" << std::endl;
           return EXIT_FAILURE;
       }
       jvm->DestroyJavaVM();
       return EXIT_SUCCESS;
   }

CMakeLists.txt definition file:

> .. code-block:: xml

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.. code-block:: cmake
```

   cmake_minimum_required(VERSION 3.19)
   project(cdatacpptojava)
   find_package(JNI REQUIRED)
   find_package(Arrow REQUIRED)
   message(STATUS "Arrow version: ${ARROW_VERSION}")
   include_directories(${JNI_INCLUDE_DIRS})
   set(CMAKE_CXX_STANDARD 11)
   add_executable(${PROJECT_NAME} main.cpp)
   target_link_libraries(cdatacpptojava PRIVATE arrow_shared)
   target_link_libraries(cdatacpptojava PRIVATE ${JNI_LIBRARIES})

**Result**

> .. code-block:: shell

Reviewer 2: This isn't shell code, and the highlighting would look funny.
```suggestion
.. code-block:: text
```

                <plugin>
                    <groupId>org.apache.maven.plugins</groupId>
                    <artifactId>maven-assembly-plugin</artifactId>
                    <executions>
                        <execution>
                            <phase>package</phase>
                            <goals>
                                <goal>single</goal>
                            </goals>
                            <configuration>
                                <archive>
                                    <manifest>
                                        <mainClass>
                                            ToBeCalledByCpp
                                        </mainClass>
                                    </manifest>
                                </archive>
                                <descriptorRefs>
                                    <descriptorRef>jar-with-dependencies</descriptorRef>
                                </descriptorRefs>
                            </configuration>
                        </execution>
                    </executions>
                </plugin>
            </plugins>
        </build>
    </project>

.. code-block:: java

>     import org.apache.arrow.c.ArrowArray;

Reviewer: nit, but everything is indented one space too many here

Reviewer: that's actually true of all the code blocks

Author: Changed

            root.setRowCount(3);
            System.out.println("[Java] VectorSchemaRoot: \n" + root.contentToTSVString());
            return root;
        }
    }

Build the JAR and copy it to the C++ project.

.. code-block:: shell

    $ mvn clean install
    $ cp target/cpptojava-1.0-SNAPSHOT-jar-with-dependencies.jar <c++ project path>/cpptojava.jar

**C++ Side**

This application uses JNI to call Java code, but transfers data (zero-copy) via the C Data Interface instead.

.. code-block:: cpp

    #include <iostream>
    #include <arrow/api.h>
    #include <arrow/c/bridge.h>
    #include <jni.h>

    JNIEnv *CreateVM(JavaVM **jvm) {
        JNIEnv *env;
        JavaVMInitArgs vm_args;
        JavaVMOption options[2];
        options[0].optionString = "-Djava.class.path=cpptojava.jar"; // java jar name
        options[1].optionString = "-DXcheck:jni:pedantic";
        vm_args.version = JNI_VERSION_1_8;
        vm_args.nOptions = 2;
        vm_args.options = options;
        int status = JNI_CreateJavaVM(jvm, (void **) &env, &vm_args);
        if (status < 0) {
            std::cout << "\n<<<<< Unable to Launch JVM >>>>>\n" << std::endl;

>             std::abort();

Reviewer: Requires `#include <cstdlib>`

Reviewer: Actually I suppose the `abort` isn't necessary, maybe just explicitly return `nullptr` and it'll exit in main()

Author: Changed

        }
        return env;
    }

    int main() {
        JNIEnv *env;
        JavaVM *jvm;
        env = CreateVM(&jvm);

>         if (env == nullptr) return 1;

Reviewer: use EXIT_FAILURE here too as well

Author: Added

        jclass javaClassToBeCalledByCpp = NULL;
        javaClassToBeCalledByCpp = env->FindClass("ToBeCalledByCpp");
        if (javaClassToBeCalledByCpp != NULL) {

>             jmethodID fillVector = NULL;

Reviewer: Please update the other uses of NULL to be nullptr

Reviewer: Though, why separate the declaration and assignment? Just do it in one line

Author: Updated

            fillVector = env->GetStaticMethodID(javaClassToBeCalledByCpp, "fillVector", "(JJ)V");
            if (fillVector != NULL) {
                struct ArrowSchema arrowSchema;
                struct ArrowArray arrowArray;
                std::cout << "\n<<<<< C++ to Java for Arrays >>>>>\n" << std::endl;

>                 env->CallStaticVoidMethod(javaClassToBeCalledByCpp, fillVector, reinterpret_cast<uintptr_t>(&arrowSchema),

Reviewer: I would wrap lines to be a little shorter here if possible to make sure it's readable in Sphinx

Author: Updated

                                          reinterpret_cast<uintptr_t>(&arrowArray));
                auto resultImportArray = arrow::ImportArray(&arrowArray, &arrowSchema);
                std::shared_ptr<arrow::Array> array = resultImportArray.ValueOrDie();
                std::cout << "[C++] Array: " << array->ToString() << std::endl;
            } else {

>                 std::cout << "Problem to read method fillVector\n" << std::endl;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                std::cout << "Could not find fillVector method\n" << std::endl;
```

                return EXIT_FAILURE;
            }
            jmethodID fillVectorSchemaRoot = NULL;
            fillVectorSchemaRoot = env->GetStaticMethodID(javaClassToBeCalledByCpp, "fillVectorSchemaRoot", "(JJ)V");
            if (fillVectorSchemaRoot != NULL) {
                struct ArrowSchema arrowSchema;
                struct ArrowArray arrowArray;
                std::cout << "\n<<<<< C++ to Java for RecordBatch >>>>>\n" << std::endl;
                env->CallStaticVoidMethod(javaClassToBeCalledByCpp, fillVectorSchemaRoot,
                                          static_cast<long>(reinterpret_cast<uintptr_t>(&arrowSchema)),
                                          static_cast<long>(reinterpret_cast<uintptr_t>(&arrowArray)));
                auto resultImportVectorSchemaRoot = arrow::ImportRecordBatch(&arrowArray, &arrowSchema);
                std::shared_ptr<arrow::RecordBatch> recordBatch = resultImportVectorSchemaRoot.ValueOrDie();
                std::cout << "[C++] RecordBatch: " << recordBatch->ToString() << std::endl;
            } else {

>                 std::cout << "Problem to read method fillVectorSchemaRoot\n" << std::endl;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                std::cout << "Could not find fillVectorSchemaRoot method\n" << std::endl;
```

                return EXIT_FAILURE;
            }
        } else {

>             std::cout << "Problem to read class ToBeCalledByCpp\n" << std::endl;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            std::cout << "Could not find ToBeCalledByCpp class\n" << std::endl;
```

            return EXIT_FAILURE;
        }
        jvm->DestroyJavaVM();

>         return 0;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        return EXIT_SUCCESS;
```

    }

CMakeLists.txt definition file:

.. code-block:: xml

    cmake_minimum_required(VERSION 3.19)
    project(cdatacpptojava)
    find_package(JNI REQUIRED)
    find_package(Arrow REQUIRED)
    message(STATUS "Arrow version: ${ARROW_VERSION}")

>     message(${ARROW_FULL_SO_VERSION})

Reviewer: This needs to be updated like the line above

Author: Message not needed, deleted

                                        <mainClass>
                                            ToBeCalledByCpp
                                        </mainClass>
                                    </manifest>
                                </archive>
                                <descriptorRefs>
                                    <descriptorRef>jar-with-dependencies</descriptorRef>
                                </descriptorRefs>
                            </configuration>
                        </execution>
                    </executions>
                </plugin>
            </plugins>
        </build>
    </project>

.. code-block:: java

    import org.apache.arrow.c.ArrowArray;
    import org.apache.arrow.c.ArrowSchema;
    import org.apache.arrow.c.Data;
    import org.apache.arrow.memory.BufferAllocator;
    import org.apache.arrow.memory.RootAllocator;
    import org.apache.arrow.vector.FieldVector;
    import org.apache.arrow.vector.IntVector;
    import org.apache.arrow.vector.VectorSchemaRoot;

    import java.util.Arrays;

    public class ToBeCalledByCpp {
        final static BufferAllocator allocator = new RootAllocator();

>         public static void fillfieldvectorfromjavatocpp(long schema_id, long array_id){

Reviewer: Can we follow Java naming conventions? `schemaAddress`

Author: Added

            try (ArrowArray arrow_array = ArrowArray.wrap(array_id);
                 ArrowSchema arrow_schema = ArrowSchema.wrap(schema_id) ) {
                Data.exportVector(allocator, populateFieldVectorToExport(), null, arrow_array, arrow_schema);
            }
        }

        public static FieldVector populateFieldVectorToExport(){
            IntVector intVector = new IntVector("int-to-export", allocator);
            intVector.allocateNew(3);
            intVector.setSafe(0, 1);
            intVector.setSafe(1, 2);
            intVector.setSafe(2, 3);
            intVector.setValueCount(3);

>             System.out.println("[Java - side]: FieldVector: \n" + intVector);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            System.out.println("[Java] FieldVector: \n" + intVector);
```

            return intVector;
        }

>         public static void fillvectorschemarootfromjavatocpp(long schema_id, long array_id){

Reviewer: Can we name these appropriately?

Author: Changed

            try (ArrowArray arrow_array = ArrowArray.wrap(array_id);
                 ArrowSchema arrow_schema = ArrowSchema.wrap(schema_id) ) {
                Data.exportVectorSchemaRoot(allocator, populateVectorSchemaRootToExport(), null, arrow_array, arrow_schema);
            }
        }

        public static VectorSchemaRoot populateVectorSchemaRootToExport(){
            IntVector intVector = new IntVector("age-to-export", allocator);
            intVector.setSafe(0, 10);
            intVector.setSafe(1, 20);
            intVector.setSafe(2, 30);
            VectorSchemaRoot root = new VectorSchemaRoot(Arrays.asList(intVector));
            root.setRowCount(3);
            System.out.println("[Java - side] VectorSchemaRoot: \n" + root.contentToTSVString());
            return root;
        }

>         public static void main(String[] args) {

Author: Deleted

            populateFieldVectorToExport();
            populateVectorSchemaRootToExport();
        }
    }

> Compile our Java code to generate our jar with all dependencies needed for.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Build the JAR and copy it to the C++ project.
```

.. code-block:: shell

    $ mvn clean install

>     $ cp target/cpptojava-1.0-SNAPSHOT-jar-with-dependencies.jar cpptojava.jar
>     $ cp cpptojava.jar <c++_project_path>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    $ cp target/cpptojava-1.0-SNAPSHOT-jar-with-dependencies.jar <c++ project path>/cpptojava.jar
```

**C++ Side**

> This process fetch Java JVM references to call methods needed for, via the C Data Interface:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This application uses JNI to call Java code, but transfers data (zero-copy) via the C Data Interface instead.
```

.. code-block:: cpp

    #include <iostream>
    #include <arrow/api.h>
    #include <arrow/c/bridge.h>
    #include <jni.h>

>     JNIEnv* create_vm(JavaVM ** jvm) {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    JNIEnv* CreateVM(JavaVM** jvm) {
```

        JNIEnv *env;
        JavaVMInitArgs vm_args;
        JavaVMOption options[2];
        options[0].optionString = "-Djava.class.path=cpptojava.jar"; // java jar name
        options[1].optionString = "-DXcheck:jni:pedantic";
        vm_args.version = JNI_VERSION_1_8;
        vm_args.nOptions = 2;
        vm_args.options = options;
        int status = JNI_CreateJavaVM(jvm, (void**) &env, &vm_args);

>         if (status < 0) printf("\n<<<<< Unable to Launch JVM >>>>>\n");

Reviewer: std::abort instead?

Author: Changed

        return env;
    }

    int main() {
        JNIEnv* env;
        JavaVM* jvm;
        env = create_vm(&jvm);

>         if (env == NULL) return 1;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        if (env == nullptr) return 1;
```

>         jclass  javaClassToBeCalledByCpp = NULL;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        jclass javaClassToBeCalledByCpp = NULL;
```

>         javaClassToBeCalledByCpp = env ->FindClass("ToBeCalledByCpp");

Reviewer: Can you make sure to format the source code?

Author: Reformat code added

        if ( javaClassToBeCalledByCpp != NULL ) {
            jmethodID fillfieldvectorfromjavatocpp = NULL;

>             fillfieldvectorfromjavatocpp = env->GetStaticMethodID(javaClassToBeCalledByCpp, "fillfieldvectorfromjavatocpp", "(JJ)V");

Reviewer: Shorter names will make it easier to read once rendered in Sphinx

            if ( fillfieldvectorfromjavatocpp != NULL ){
                struct ArrowSchema arrowSchema;
                struct ArrowArray arrowArray;

>                 printf("\n<<<<< C++ to Java for Arrays >>>>>\n");

Reviewer: Use std::cout in C++, not printf

Author: Changed

                env->CallStaticVoidMethod(javaClassToBeCalledByCpp, fillfieldvectorfromjavatocpp, reinterpret_cast<uintptr_t>(&arrowSchema), reinterpret_cast<uintptr_t>(&arrowArray));
                auto resultImportArray = arrow::ImportArray(&arrowArray, &arrowSchema);

>                 std::shared_ptr<arrow::Array> array = resultImportArray.ValueOrDie();

Reviewer: array has a ToString

Author: Changed

                auto int32_array = std::static_pointer_cast<arrow::Int32Array>(array);
                const int32_t* data = int32_array->raw_values();
                for (int j = 0; j < int32_array->length(); j++){
                    printf("[C++ - side]: Data ImportArray - array[%d] = %d\n", j, data[j]);
                }
            } else {

>                 printf("Problem to read method fillfieldvectorfromjavatocpp\n");

Reviewer: std::abort or return EXIT_FAILURE

Author: Added

            }
            jmethodID fillvectorschemarootfromjavatocpp = NULL;
            fillvectorschemarootfromjavatocpp = env->GetStaticMethodID(javaClassToBeCalledByCpp, "fillvectorschemarootfromjavatocpp", "(JJ)V");
            if ( fillvectorschemarootfromjavatocpp != NULL ){
                struct ArrowSchema arrowSchema;
                struct ArrowArray arrowArray;
                printf("\n<<<<< C++ to Java for RecordBatch >>>>>\n");
                env->CallStaticVoidMethod(javaClassToBeCalledByCpp, fillvectorschemarootfromjavatocpp, static_cast<long>(reinterpret_cast<uintptr_t>(&arrowSchema)), static_cast<long>(reinterpret_cast<uintptr_t>(&arrowArray)));
                auto resultImportVectorSchemaRoot = arrow::ImportRecordBatch(&arrowArray, &arrowSchema);

>                 std::shared_ptr<arrow::RecordBatch> recordBatch = resultImportVectorSchemaRoot.ValueOrDie();

Reviewer: recordBatch has a ToString

Author: Changed

                for (std::shared_ptr<arrow::Array> array : recordBatch->columns()) {
                    auto int32_array = std::static_pointer_cast<arrow::Int32Array>(array);
                    const int32_t* data = int32_array->raw_values();
                    for (int j = 0; j < int32_array->length(); j++){
                        printf("[C++ - side]: Data ImportArray - array[%d] = %d\n", j, data[j]);
                    }
                }
            } else {
                printf("Problem to read method fillvectorschemarootfromjavatocpp\n");
            }
        } else {
            printf("Problem to read class ToBeCalledByCpp\n");
        }
        jvm ->DestroyJavaVM();
        return 0;
    }

CMakeLists.txt definition file:

.. code-block:: xml

    cmake_minimum_required(VERSION 3.19)

>     project(firstarrowcpp)

Reviewer: name the project something related?

Author: Updated

    find_package(JNI REQUIRED)
    find_package(Arrow REQUIRED)

>     message(${ARROW_VERSION})

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    message(STATUS "Arrow version: ${ARROW_VERSION}")
```

    message(${ARROW_FULL_SO_VERSION})

>     include_directories(${JNI_INCLUDE_DIRS}) #'jni.h' file not found

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    include_directories(${JNI_INCLUDE_DIRS})
```

>     set(CMAKE_CXX_STANDARD 14)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    set(CMAKE_CXX_STANDARD 11)
```
don't think we need C++14

    add_executable(${PROJECT_NAME} main.cpp)
    target_link_libraries(firstarrowcpp PRIVATE arrow_shared)
    target_link_libraries(firstarrowcpp PRIVATE ${JNI_LIBRARIES})

> **C++ Test**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Result**
```

> This is the result of the test:
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
